#summary We can do our design specification here.

=(Project Title)=

=Design Specification=

==1. Project Overview==

This section contains a revised version of the same section in the requirements specification.

===1.1 Scope and Objectives===

This section contains a revised version of the same section in the requirements specification.

===1.2 Supplementary Requirements===

This section contains a revised version of the same section in the requirements specification.

==2. Customer Requirements==

This section contains a revised version of the same section in the requirements specification.

==3. Architectural Design==

Briefly overview your architectural design. Discuss alternatives examined. Indicate why the architecture discussed in section 3.1 & 3.2 was chosen and why the alternatives were eliminated. 

===3.1 Subsystem Architecture===

This section should include a subsystem dependency diagram and supporting discussion. 

===3.2 Deployment Model===

This section should include a deployment diagram (and supporting discussion) that includes a mapping of subsystems to deployment.

==4. Use Case Realization Design==

For each use case a sequence diagram depicting important interactions among subsystems, interfaces, & architecturally significant design classes as well as class diagrams depicting relationships among interaction participants. E.g., one sequence diagram and one class diagram per use case.

==5. Subsystem Design==

Subsections 5.1, 5.2, … present the design of each subsystem depicted in the system architecture - one subsection per subsystem. Nested subsystems should be sub-subsections. E.g., section "5.1.1 Subsystem A.1" would present a nested subsystem of subsystem A.
5.1	Subsystem A
Each subsystem design should include a description of subsystem interfaces, a class diagram of subsystem design classes and interfaces, sequence diagrams that depict the internal interactions that support subsystem interfaces, and any nested subsystems.
5.2	Subsystem B …

==6. Human Interfaces==

Mockup designs for each user interface.

==7. System/Data Dependencies & Requirements==

These are drawn primarily from supplementary requirements.

==8. Testing Plan==

==9. Appendices==

===9.1 Project Status===
