#summary This'll be where we can mess with the project proposal.

=Team 5 - Universal File Transfer Client=
=Project Proposal & Plan=

==Introduction==
Although many file distribution platforms exist in modern computing, there is a notable lack of any universal, general purpose platform for file transfer.  Notable platforms currently in operation are Valve's Steam platform, which distributes and sales games and related media files on the Windows operating system, {MORE EXAMPLES HERE}.  While these platforms facilitate file distribution and content promotion very well, they are not general purpose and are often exclusive to an operating system or architecture.


===Project Overview and Statement of Proposal===
The project aims to provide a universal, intuitive, and streamlined method for retrieving files in an efficient manner.  We propose to develop a client application which facilitates file distribution.  This client will be cross-platform, running on the Windows, Linux, and OS X operating systems.  The client will also support mainstream file transfer protocols in a seamless manner.


===Project Scope and Objectives===
The project's primary goal is to produce a client application which facilitates file transfer and runs on Windows, Linux, and OS X.  The client aims to use as much portable code as possible; maintaining cross-platform capability is a primary objective.  
The client will support two file transfer protocols seamlessly, namely HTTP and bit torrent.  If time permits, the client will also aim to support FTP as well.

== Risk Management Strategy ==
{GOING TO FILL THESE IN AS THE RISK PAGE GETS FILLED IN}
=== Risk Table ===
|| Risks || Category || Probability || Impact || RMMM ||
||       ||          ||             ||        ||      ||

*Category values*:
  * PS – Product Size Risk
  * BU – Business Impact Risk
  * CU – Customer Relations Risk
  * PR – Process Risk
  * TE – Technology Risk
  * DE – Development Environment Risk
  * ST – Risk Associated with Staff Size and Experience

*Impact values*:
  # – catastrophic
  # – critical
  # – marginal
  # – negligible
						
						
===Discussion of Risks to Be Managed===
{Summarize the contents of the risk table. Indicate why project includes or does not include certain risks. Explain the severity and probability of the risks.}
The primary risk in this project is not maintaining cross platform code.  The more platform-dependent code becomes a part of the project, the difficulty in developing the client increases as a platform-specific solution must be found for other operating systems; maintaining each client becomes more difficult as well.  The probability of this occurring is not negligible, and thus this critical risk must constantly be monitored during the course of the project. {EXPAND}
Other risks for the project are less catastrophic, and include relatively common occurrences such as machine failure or a member falling behind on their work. Though the probability of these risks occurring ranges from improbable to highly probable, their impact to the project is mostly negligible. {EXPAND}

===Risk Mitigation, Monitoring, and Management Plan===
This section describes what is to be done to avoid each risk (Section 2.3.1), how the team will monitor its activities to detect when a risk becomes a problem (Section 2.3.2), and what will be done for each risk if it becomes a problem (Section 2.3.3).

====Risk Mitigation====
Explain how each risk will be avoided. (Keep in mind that some activities may help to mitigate more than one risk while some risks may require multiple mitigation activities.)

====Risk Monitoring====
Explain how the team will monitor each risk to detect if the risk is becoming a problem. (Keep in mind that some activities may help to monitor more than one risk while some risks may require multiple monitors.)

====Risk Management (Contingency Plans)====
Explain what will be done for each risk if the risk becomes a problem. (Keep in mind that the same contingency plan may apply to more than one risk.)

==Schedule==
Below is a list of tasks associated with the project, a Gantt chart depicting task durations, dependencies and completion dates, and a summary of resource assignments for each task.

===Task List===
  # …

===Timeline Chart===
Gantt Chart (with dates)

===Resource Table===
||Task||People||Hardware & Software||Special||
||    ||      ||                   ||       ||

==Project Resources==

===People===
  # Sean Nelson - Project Leader, Documentation, Developer
  # Joshua Barron - Documentation, Developer
  # ...
  # ...
  # ...

===Hardware and Software Resources===
====Software====
  * wxWidgets
  * Subversion
  * Google Code
  * CMake

====Hardware====
  * Linux
  * Windows 2000 to Windows Vista
  * Mac OS X 10.4 & 10.5

===Special Resources===
List any special resources needed to complete the project.

==Appendices==
This section contains any additional information that you would like to include in the project proposal and plan.