#summary We can do our requirements report here.

=Universal File Transfer Client=
=Team #5=
==Requirements Specification==

===Project Overview===
This program will provide a universal file distribution service. It will use a client-server model whereas the server can be controlled by a specific client. The client can choose to use the server to distribute sponsored files or allow users to upload their own content.
===Scope and Objectives===
Define the scope of the project and the objectives to be satisfied by this project. 
===Supplementary Requirements===
Describe the non-functional requirements (grouped according to type – i.e., interface, physical, design, and implementation) identified for this project.
===Customer Requirements===
This section contains the architecture view of your use-case model. It includes 
use-case diagram(s), 
actor descriptions and 
prioritized use-case descriptions.

Actors -
    * Basic User (human) - the target audience for downloads, uses the client software
    * Content Distributor/Server Admin (human, inherits from user) - the manager of the Centralized Content Server
    * Database - provides storage and retrieval for information on downloads. This includes file location, file attributes, statistics including number of downloads, and other vital information.
    * Centralized Content Server - communicates with the client software and the database.
    * Tracker (for torrents) - communicated with the client software during a torrent download.

==Requirements Analysis== 
===Structural Analysis===
Briefly describe each analysis class (organized according to type - boundary, control, and entity) and class diagrams
===Behavioral Analysis=== 
This section presents a use-case realization for each use-case using sequence diagram and activity diagram.
===User Interface Analysis===
In this section, present a user interface (navigational paths and screen mock-ups).
===Validation and Criteria===
Describe how will you assert via testing that you satisfy a use case.
==Appendices==
Appendix
==Project Status==
Report on the progress of your project. Include an updated plan that shows your progress towards completing project tasks.